create_mirror and create_mirror_view: clarified difference (#539)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/API/core/view/create_mirror.rst

Usage
-----

The key difference between ``create_mirror`` and ``create_mirror_view`` is the following: ``create_mirror`` `always` allocates new memory in the specified space (shown below for host space), while ``create_mirror_view`` only allocates memory if the View to be mirrored (``a_view``) is not already accessible from the specified space, and otherwise simply returns ``a_view``.

> Use ``create_mirror_view`` when you want to skip the memory allocation and copy within the same execution space, and use ``create_mirror`` if you need the data to be independent, e.g. for overlapping computation and I/O.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use ``create_mirror_view`` when the mirror is solely used for providing access in different execution spaces, and use ``create_mirror`` if you need the data to be independent, e.g. for having an previous and a updated version of the data.
```

> Use ``create_mirror_view`` when the mirror is solely used for providing access in different execution spaces, and use ``create_mirror`` if you need the data to be independent, e.g. for having an previous and a updated version of the data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use ``create_mirror_view`` when the mirror is solely used for providing access in different execution spaces, and use ``create_mirror`` if you need the data to be independent, e.g. for having a previous and an updated version of the data.
```

.. code-block:: cpp

>     // Both host_mirror and host_mirror_view have the correct properties for deepCopy from/to a_view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Both host_mirror and host_mirror_view have the correct properties for deep_copy from/to a_view
```

Usage
-----

The key difference between ``create_mirror`` and ``create_mirror_view`` is the following: ``create_mirror`` `always` allocates new memory in the specified space (shown below for host space), while ``create_mirror_view`` only allocates memory if the View to be mirrored (``a_view``) is not already accessible from the specified space, and otherwise simply returns ``a_view``.

> Use ``create_mirror_view`` when you want to skip the memory allocation and copy within the same execution space, and use ``create_mirror`` if you need the data to be independent, e.g. for overlapping computation and I/O.

Reviewer 3: In my opinion, this fits better in the block above. Also, the last sentence seems redundant, in particular, since the interface is primarily about memory spaces and not execution spaces.

Author: Feel free to move it around. I think an illustrative example (the last sentence) is very helpful, so some form of it should remain in my opinion.
For execution vs memory space: The example under "Usage" already had a parameter called "ExecSpace", so I just stuck to that. But yeah, I wasn't sure about that part.

Author: In the sentence
"Use ``create_mirror_view`` when you want to skip the memory allocation and copy within the same execution space, and use ``create_mirror`` if you need the data to be independent, e.g. for overlapping computation and I/O."
we could remove "execution". That would now also fit with the example code.

Reviewer 4: Hmm ... stating that a copy is avoided implies, that a copy is always required.

Reviewer 4: I would drop the sentence with the examples. It sounds too much like a recommendation tbh.

Author: That sentence was a bit tricky. But while it's not airtight, I think it gets the message across with good brevity and clarity.
It is written like a recommendation, and I think that's exactly what is needed when functions with this level of similarity are provided. But we could also write something like
"Using ``create_mirror_view`` allows skipping the memory allocation and potential copies within the same execution space, while ``create_mirror`` can be used if you need the data to be independent, e.g. for overlapping computation and I/O."

Feel free to make a different suggestion. But leaving out the example sounds like the worst option to me.

.. code-block:: cpp

    // Both host_mirror and host_mirror_view have the correct properties for deepCopy from/to a_view
    // host_mirror is guaranteed to have separately allocated memory from a_view
    auto host_mirror = create_mirror(a_view);
    // host_mirror_view may point to the same memory as a_view, if a_view is host-accessible
    auto host_mirror_view = create_mirror_view(a_view);

>     // You can specify the execution space from which the mirror view must be accessible
>     auto host_mirror_space = create_mirror(ExecSpace(),a_view);
>     auto host_mirror_view_space = create_mirror_view(ExecSpace(),a_view);

Reviewer 3: This should really not be called `host_mirror_view_space`. I would rather have an example that provides a memory space instance since there is also the API using `view_alloc` that allows providing an execution space instance that is used for initialization and copying.
```suggestion
    // You can specify the space from which the mirror view must be accessible
    auto mirror = create_mirror(memory_space_instance, a_view);
    auto mirror_view = create_mirror_view(memory_space_instance, a_view);
```
